I'm Robbie 41 Hitler his new college we
accept marriages are a national
challenge congratulations everybody
it's the youth that can make a
difference we need to let our voices be
heard and college you guys encourage the
you guys congratulations on the find a
shill entrance we help yeah with us here
from Project runner occasional chili
your thoughts I'm incredibly proud that
these two incredible cares of in schools
for starters
hashtag rhinos shout our challenge and I
now challenge every rugby playing school
in this country to take up their cause
and join us and help us to stop runnin
budget hashtag runner shark challenge
let's do something for our honor
gentlemen we would like to nominate
Hudson College matalas and sicilians
College
so join the hashtag Ron Schara challenge
as you type with our voices
they live in they live in me they
watching over everything we see
every star in your adventure they live
in you